K so the next thing that we need to do is let's go back to our code here and now that we have this you
know click event on that button there we need to create Onge Ajax.
So that way we can sense our request to our server.
Right.
Well we are going to use AJAX right here.
This function takes an object.
OK.
And the object are going to have the key of we you are able and just by is already pre-build into the
language guys you know that.
So I wanted to send an event to the same you know as a matter of fact we're going to be writing our
ph some of the PH be in this page here.
So I want to be tech data posts requests has been sent.
So I'm going to be sending it to the same page right here so CMOS pulls up BHB and we need our P underscore
ID.
We need our ID or post ID here.
So what I'm going to do is going to open some PH BE tax inside the string and I'm going to echo Wow.
OK.
The polls ID which should give me the post ID.
So when I click on this link I'm going to be sending that.
OK.
Now I got to make sure that this put a comma there that type of requests or data is going to be appose.
And then we have another key for the data.
So these objects are going to have remember that this is just going to carry some of that data in our
post requests to the same page.
OK.
So we want the post I.D. which I don't know where I'm getting that from as a matter of fact.
You know what we can actually do this right now let's do it right here.
Let's let's do this let's get the pulse I.D. And let's see if this works like this.
PH BE COOL.
And this would be depost Id just like to OK.
So this would be the post.
Well we don't need to post it here but we need it down the road.
So it's like it's going to pull one because I just want to make sure they have some type of value here.
I'm going to differentiate my keys and values because I'm going to have the same name which is single
court.
You don't have to do this.
You don't need single courts here.
I'm just doing it just because I want to the French.
I want to make sure that you know the the keys and the values.
They look a little different because they have the same name.
You don't have to do that.
It works both ways.
And other than that I wonder is I wonder logged in user ID.
OK.
And I'm just going to really right now just hard coded.
But later on I want to create some type of helper function that is going to allow us to have the logged
in user ID just because I want to make sure that I'm getting the right type of data.
So right now for now
we see this stuff here.
Var I want to create a user ID but I'm just going to give it whatever I have in my database so for their
users I have browser users.
I have a whole bunch of users here in this database if I don't go into the many of them
you
I'm going to create another user and I'm going to give it that ID.
I'll be back and just create another user.
I just have to refresh.
I just went to the front page and created that room so that way you guys didn't have to wait for me.
So I'm just going to put admin role here.
In their.
And actually you know we're not going to put a rule there are going to poor admin in this describer
for the new user.
OK so this is Edwin.
He has an idea.
Twenty six.
So that's what I'm going to put right here.
Twenty six remember just hard coding this right now.
And User ID.
I don't have to give this keys the same name.
OK.
But I do it anyway.
So remember these keys can have a different name.
And this will be the pause data that you're going to get in your server.
Ok the name of this.
So right now if we try to submit something I'm just going to check for this key in the end I can do
that if I wanted to I can just put a single cause here.
OK.
So to make everything uniform.
So I'm going to check for these post-state because that's what we are submitting here we Ageod's every
time we click so we go here to our top right below navigation and I can just open some ph tags.
I know this lecture went a little bit beyond what we were thinking of.
But I'm doing it like this so that where you guys can learn a little more.
But let's check for that light and if we have that like then we are going to be Eccl. something out
my let's just do I don't know if it's H-1 here.
You say that it works so that way we can see right.
Or maybe we can make the whole page die or something page 1.
There we go.
Let's see if this works.
Hey guys.
You know sometimes this does not work.
And you have to you know make sure that you do something to make it work.
So let's click like and
right now it's not it looks like it's not working let's let's use kill that page and see that works
right.
That's
Let's go here.
It might be working.
You have the wrong tab open Alamance network.
And we go so we go out and network and then we click here.
Obviously it will look at the head or you can see that we are sending requests which is posts and the
status is OK.
So it is finding that page and getting us a glance a glimpse of what it is and if we do work on now
let's do that.
And we do this again
next refresh OK.
Let's come back here like and you can see that we could come back here and you can see now that we are
sending the whole page headers and we are send in there.
I don't know if you see there let's see if I make this bigger so you can see it and you've seen that
like values number one the pull side is 139 which is the pulls ID here and the user at least twenty
six.
So we're getting those those values there.
And everything seems to be working if it wasn't working we get some type of error here with a page.
So let's say for example if you are l was now working let's just write one page here.
Let's come back here and refresh Let's click the link you can see now that we get a form for error here.
OK.
Pretty awesome right.
So it is working so well you guys already know how this works.
OK so we were sending everything that we need to send.
And let's take it to the next level.
See you in the next lecture.